Update the proxy service for multiple matching roles (#458)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/s-list/proxy.adoc

              claim_value: mySpaceAdminRole
            - role_name: user
              claim_value: myUserRole
            - role_name: guest:
              claim_value: myGuestRole
----

This would assign the role `admin` to users with the value `myAdminRole` in the claim `ocisRoles`.
The role `user` to users with the values `myUserRole` in the claim `ocisRoles` and so on.

Claim values that are not mapped to a specific Infinite Scale role will be ignored.

[NOTE]
====
An Infinite Scale user can only have a single role assigned. If the configured
`role_mapping` and a user's claim values result in multiple possible roles for a user, the order in
which the role mappings are defined in the configuration is important. The first role in the
`role_mappings` where the `claim_value` matches a value from the user's roles claim will be assigned
to the user. So if e.g. a user's `ocisRoles` claim has the values `myUserRole` and
`mySpaceAdminRole` that user will get the ocis role `spaceadmin` assigned (because `spaceadmin`
appears before `user` in the above sample configuration).

If a user's claim values don't match any of the configured role mappings an error will be logged and

> the user will not be able to login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the user will not be able to log in.
```
